
We noticed you're browsing from a different part of the world. Switch to settings tailored to your location?
Logo Hetzner Online
Dedicated 
Cloud
Web & Managed 
Colocation
Storage Services 

















dell stageteaser big
Dedicated Server
Dell Server
No Setup fee
on all DX servers!

Providing high quality tech for even smaller budgets.

Scroll Down
Product overview
Icon Server Auction Hetzner Online
Server Auction

Prices drop & excitement mounts. Place bids in our Server Auction!

Starting at € 28.00
Icon Dedicated Server Hetzner Online
Dedicated Server

Dedicated root servers to meet any need. Top performance with an excellent connection.

Starting at € 37.30
Icon Cloud Hetzner Online
Cloud

A little money gets you lots of cloud. Flexible cloud servers with high-end-hardware.

Starting at € 3.79
Icon Managed Servers Hetzner Online
Managed Servers

Stress-free server connection. We‘ll take care of the technical stuff.

Starting at € 34.00
Icon Web hosting Hetzner Online
Web hosting

The quick and cheap way to your own homepage. Prices for beginners and businesses.

Starting at € 1.76
Icon Storage Share Hetzner Online
Storage Share

Easily store and share files. Access your data at any time and from any place with Storage Share.

Starting at € 4.29
Icon Storage Boxes Hetzner Online
Storage Boxes

Access your storage from everywhere and at any time via PC, smartphone, and tablet.

Starting at € 3.20
Icon Colocation Hetzner Online
Colocation

State-of-the-art infrastructure for your project. A range of colocation racks to choose from.

Starting at € 100.00
Icon Custom Solutions Hetzner Online
Custom Solutions

Because your business isn’t one size fits all. Get the tailored setup and hardware you need.

on demand
You need Support? Click here 
Server auction
The clock is ticking!
It's this easy:

1. Enter your desired hardware specification.
2. Compare offers.
3. Keep an eye on price changes.
4. Snap up your offer.
But, don't wait too long or somebody else might beat you to the bargain.

Reduction in:
00:00:54
AMD EPYC 7502P

News / Press
News
18. September 2025

Dell PowerEdge™ dedicated servers now available without setup fee!
Our dedicated servers DX153, DX182, and DX293 are now available without a setup fee, saving you € 79. 00.

9. July 2025

"Products of the Year" Award for Hetzner
At the prestigious connect professional readers’ choice awards 2025, organized by WEKA Publishing, Hetzner secured second place in the newly introduced "RZ-Colocation" (Datacenter-Colocation) category.

8. July 2025

Robust hosting for robust databases: Hetzner supports the MariaDB Foundation
As a hosting and cloud provider focusing on powerful infrastructure, we have been engaged for many years in the open-source community.

Press Releases
27. May 2025

Hetzner Game Jam inspires creativity, variety, and team spirit
From 16-18 May 2025, 66 gaming enthusiasts met for the Hetzner Game Jam in a space provided by the Ansbach University of Applied Sciences (Hochschule Ansbach). They formed teams with…

26. May 2025

Gold for Hetzner at the Server Provider Awards 2025
The German cloud provider and data center operator Hetzner received Gold at the Service Provider Awards 2025 in the new category “Superscaler”. Superscalers are large cloud providers with a regional…

4. March 2025

Hetzner founds HT clean energy GmbH – first solar park to be built in Nassau-Weikersheim
Martin Hetzner, founder of the web hosting company and cloud provider Hetzner Online GmbH, together with Joshua Tlapak, founder of MHB Montage GmbH, have formed a new company, HT clean…

Get your domain now
www.
desireddomain.com
Enter any search term or use the following form example.de to start a fast check. Additional information such as www or http:// are not required.
Awards
Award Bayerns Best 50
Bayerns Best 50
Award ECO Award
ECO Award
Award Readers' Choice 2023
Readers' Choice 2023
Award Readers' Choice 2024
Readers' Choice 2024
Award Readers' Choice 2025
Readers' Choice 2025
Logo Hetzner Online
Subscribe to our Newsletter
mail address
Hetzner
Company
Our Customers
Sustainability
Career
Pressroom
Support
Support Center
Contact
Downloads
Hetzner Docs
Status
Legal
Legal notice
Data privacy
System policies
Terms and conditions
Digital Services Act
Abuse-Form

EUR
VAT 0%
© 2025 Hetzner Online GmbH. All Rights Reserved. Prices excl. VAT
facebook logo
instagram logo
youtube logo
mastodon logo
twitter logo
linkedin logo